add support for abi encode/decode and hashing (#10)
OffchainLabs/stylus-by-example: src/app/basic_examples/abi_decode/page.mdx

export const metadata = {
  title: "ABI Encode • Stylus by Example",
  description:
    "A simple solidity ABI encode and decode example",
};

{/* Begin Content */}

# ABI Decode

> The `decode` can not be used for `encode_packed` data because it ignores padding when encode.

Reviewer: Can you add some introduction for context? You can duplicate the same first paragraph as in the "encode" page, or reference that page for initial context.

> So here the example is only for `decode` the `abi_encode_sequence` data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So here we show an example for using `decode` on data encoded with `abi_encode_sequence`:
```
Smol nitpick
